ASSIGNMENT - 1

1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* 
'hello'
-87.8
- 
/ 
+	
6

ANS:    Values - ‘hello’, -87.8, 6
                            Expressions - *, -, /, +  

2. What is the difference between string and variable?

ANS: String
•	Contains a sequence of letters 
•	Enclosed within ‘ ‘ or “ “
•	Eg. ‘hello’ is a string.

        Variable  
•	Name given to a stored data of a program
•	Can access the stored data 
•	Eg. name = “Tim” & a = 10

3. Describe three different data types.

ANS: i) Integers  
•	Represented by whole numbers.
•	Includes positive or negative number. 
•	In python, integers have no limit.
        ii) Float 
•	Represented by decimal values. 
•	Number with a decimal value.
•	Can be positive or negative.

        iii)Complex Numbers –
•	Represented by complex class. 
•	Contains a real part and imaginary part.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

ANS: An expression is a mixture of values, operators, variables and functions. Expression is evaluated to display a single value.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

ANS: Expression can be assigned, used as operand and evaluated to a single value whereas Statements can only be declared in a program.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

ANS:  Bacon has value 22

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3

ANS:  ‘spamspamspam’
           ‘spamspamspam’

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

ANS: eggs – variable name starts with alphabet which is valid 
          100 – variable name starts with number which is invalid

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?

ANS: int() – get Integer
          Float()- get Float value
          Str() – get String

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

ANS: We cannot concatenate a string and an integer value.
          Correct expression :
'I have eaten ' + ‘99’ + ' burritos.'   OR
'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'
