ASSIGNMENT - 3

1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?

ANS:  i) Reduce lines of code (no duplicate code)
           ii) Short and easy to read
           iii) Code Reusabllity

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?

ANS: Function runs when it is called.

3. What statement creates a function?

ANS: ‘def’ keyword is used to create a function.
          def function_name (list of arguments):
          #stmts

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?

ANS:  Function - task to be performed in order to obtain an output 
Function call - call a defined function whenever needed in a program.

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?

ANS: There is one global scope and one local scope is created whenever a function is called.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?

ANS: Local scope gets destroyed when the function call returns.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?

ANS:  Return value is the result given back to the function call.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?

ANS: If there is no return statement for a function, its return value is None.

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?

ANS:  A global statement will force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable. Global keyword is used to declare the global variables.

10. What is the data type of None?

ANS:  The data type of None is None Type.

11. What does the sentence import are all your petsnamederic do?

ANS:  That import statement imports a module named areallyourpetsnamederic.

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?

ANS: spam.bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?

ANS: Use try catch blocks

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?

ANS: Code within try block is checked for errors and except block is executed if error is encountered.
